Monday on there hey guys another video
of Korea because she's gonna teach me
how to pronounce Korean brand names in
peril Korea in action you know like
american korean bam boom oh no four
seasons seasons four seasons
oh we get into Korean names so if you're
interested please continue out to this
video okay let's start with the biggest
company in Korea come home some thumbs
Samsung Samsung don't do it like spam
song
Christianne son galaxy now sometimes my
god I love my feet California sorry
Samsung okay perfect
the next names of the cars so
but there is also home duck rather small
all right oh my the japanese room
korean breath Hyundai or Honda I know
that hum that is really difficult to
pronounce foreigners it is
AHEC our versus ahc busy a 80
yeah 1880 AHEC eat that's a very popular
courier use a good yeah okay
I bought so much by the way what's the
thing when I buy make up here on
anything
maybe you so many presents oh it's
because they want you to try it all
follow their product you like it you can
buy it again but what about like poor
dreams they give you 15 minutes face man
going that's like one thing of our Korea
they give you a lots of like research
yeah yes so cool just even I bought a
phone today like Samsung and I got a
phone to tell my dad yeah and I got a
selfie steek I got like a case for the
phone and something else I was like wow
that's so cool
maybe they're just good to the baby this
is holding the camera okay now we're
gonna learn to pronounce the most famous
cafeteria in the world curry
city bucks nice jar bucks 50 bucks
yes I think we have this thing of like
making a consonant always with the vowel
so when it's like Starbucks we make this
syllable like silver say Oh top box oh
yeah
city box it
Center Box a little marina the Korean
girl
now we're gonna learn to read Korean
brands of cosmetics the first one is
sorrow hasu I like this brand a lot and
I even recommend it to Marina it is a
great brand tired pass for us so us for
us next thing
movie that one's pretty famous oh and
then the third one is ah Depot I
personally really like the lipsticks
from a Depot and I think their brand
name is also very unique because it's
actually from a Korean we're not like
English words it means beautiful
[Applause]
salut welcome to welcome to Chanel
Lancome Lancome Lancome pretty similar
Dior here do you were because we don't
have the our pronunciation in Korea so
it would be like L pure dear yeah future
okay look
Oh how did you know that L'Occitane is
so like famous yeah
L'Occitane
even if not even know just keep saying
over water syllables why no because we
don't have the sound it's similar its
cellular and also if yeah it goes
it's a French name from work maybe send
of an insular ah it was even yeah and
you say it's interesting interesting a
steal
yes tear it off no don't hold on well I
would say estee lauder which is probably
wrong because it's a French name Steve
not obvious
but you're like Koreans so reserved
another surprise for you guys
Calvin Klein Kevin Klein Calvin Klein
Theresa :
can I be Calvin Calvin Klein Calvin cry
because we don't have the books do you
think it's gonna be weird if I would
tell people here at Calvin Klein no it's
you know it's not very you know familiar
just the thing with the accents right
and when you think you can see sound
weird if you try to mimic the accent is
actually those natural counting climb
climb
that's the most famous kids brand in
Korea kids just go crazy over that it's
called photo roll it's a penguin pilot
penguin Korea is a really beautiful
place
avian paradise I initially in East
Innisfree
dr. jart there's a reason
how do you say dr. jart causality what
dr. Jarrett didn't it it did it directed
his it yeah yeah it's on no eggs
yeah so cool another fact about Korea a
lot of Korean cosmetics right
I get a feeling that they are pretty
much the same it's all about marketing
yeah you market your friend and a lot of
like gifts again so you could try and it
is not just a feeling it is actually
true because I know that all these
famous you know those road shop brands
like industry and everything they're
actually produced from the same factory
so they use all the same ingredients
process and ingredients but just the you
know a little bit of coloring or maybe a
little bit of you know like one
ingredient we have a little bit of you
know like naming the marketing's are
different so when people ask me hey Omni
you know what is the best proof of this
this I can't really say and like I feel
like I'm lying if I say oh this bird is
yeah it's probably sponsored it but yeah
and even if just like a very expensive
brand suddenly almost the same for any
much to say oh go to like skin food I
liked it HC you get a lot of stuff for
free
yeah but still good default quality is
great well yeah maybe nobody's also
great so like oh and what do you think
about snail serum Oh snail serum used to
be like super popular do you think it
works I didn't use it before because I
prefer the moist right not the super
creamy yeah but I think yeah my mom
loves it yeah okay okay so I'll keep an
eye on this mail crazy thank you